
Quote Printer (Part 2)- Help A Movie Buff find quotes lines.
Learning Objectives
 * Re-application of string and text processing
 * Application of string features (trim, contains, toLowerCase, concatenation)


This program reads a movie script and searches for the line(s) with the given text.

Orientation
When the program starts it asks you to enter the words to search for.
The program reads one line at a time.
If the line contains the search phrase it prints the current line number and the line
 - See the example output below.
 - Notice that the test is case insensitive.
 

Commit commit commit! & Grade - See notes in ScriptPrinter.txt
Manual & Automated Testing - See notes in ScriptPrinter.txt
 
Hints
You need to get the output exactly correct (including the printing a newline character at the end)
Look at the sample code in MyScriptPrinter for ideas about the basic structure of your program.
You need to use several string methods (see learning objectives) to solve this problem
You only need to compare one line at a time 
i.e. do not worry about checking  phrases that wrap over to the next line.

(These examples are meant as guides; the given unit tests are authoritative).
Example Output #1 (User input is 'spoon\n'):


Please enter the word(s) to search for
Searching for 'spoon'
12 - blocks.  A skinny BOY holds a SPOON which sways like a
17 - The Boy smiles as Neo picks up a spoon and tries to
21 - SPOON BOY
22 - Your spoon does not bend because
23 - it is just that, a spoon.  Mine
24 - bends because there is no spoon,
29 - SPOON BOY
30 - Link yourself to the spoon.
31 - Become the spoon and bend
34 - Neo nods, again holding up his spoon.
37 - There is no spoon.  Right.
39 - He concentrates.  The spoon begins to bend just as the
45 - Spoon Boy smiles.
Done Searching for 'spoon'

Example Output #2 (User input is 'cookie a')
Please enter the word(s) to search for
Searching for 'cookie a'
Done Searching for 'cookie a'

Example Output #3 (User input is 'a cookie')
Please enter the word(s) to search for
Searching for 'a cookie'
215 - You better take a cookie.  Got a
218 - He eyes her, then takes a cookie.
Done Searching for 'a cookie'
