
Script Printer - Help An Actor learn their lines.

Learning Objectives
 * String Literals or double quotes "\""
 * Output formatting
 * Program tracing & debugging
 * Implementing features on a given code base
 * Application of string features (indexOf,trim, concatenation)


This program reads a movie script and prints out the lines for one actor.
When the program starts it asks you to enter the name of the character.

See thematrix.txt for an example of a movie script.
The expected output of this program is shown below.

Your users have requested the following fixes.
* "Before processing the script  print the summary line "XXX's lines:"
where XXX is the name of the character (always in uppercase)."
* "Print three dashes '---' after processing the script, 
so I'm sure that the program finished correctly." 
* "It only works if I enter character's name in uppercase. 
NEO/neo/Neo should all work."
* "It only works for the first line - it needs to stop printing when
it gets to a blank line"
* "It should be formatted exactly the way what I want (see below)"
* "Please add you netid(s) to the @author line in ScriptPrinter.java."

Commit commit commit! & Grade
You make changes to the local file system. 
To push your changes back to subversion server you need to COMMIT your changes.

Using the 'package' view right click on ScriptPrinter source file and select 
Team > Commit. Enter a message and commit your changes to the repository.
The icon will change to indicate that the repository and your local version are
synchronized (identical).

The last version that you committed to the repository before the deadline 
will be used to grade your work. 

You may commit your work multiple times. In fact you are encouraged to do so 
(Even if your computer crashes/is stolen - you still have your partial work
stored in the repository (you can even go back and get earlier versions).

To check that your code will pass our tests you can use the automated testing
included in this project. However, you should also test your program
manually.

Orientation
View thematrix.txt
Read the given code slowly. Check you understand each line.
 
* Manual Testing
Right click on the source code and select RUN AS... JAVA APPLICATION
Find (or open) the 'Console' view. Click on it to enter an actor's name.
Enter an example name (e.g. 'neo' or 'NEO') and check the output.
Did your program generate the required output?

* Automated Testing (and grading)
Points are scored by passing the automated tests.
You can check your progress by running the automated tests in this project.
Find (or open) the 'Package' view. Right click on MyScriptPrinterTest 
and select RUN AS... JUNIT TEST

* Repeated testing
To re-run the application or the unit test click on the arrow icon with the 
green circular background (next to the bug). This will restart the app or
the unit test.

* Hints
See the TODO hints in the java file
You need to know how to print a double quote and concatenate strings:
line = line.trim() 
... may be useful to you: It removes spaces from the left -and right-hand sides.
If the 'if statements' are incorrectly ordered you will get incorrect output 
- can you figure out why?

Example Output 
(The examples below are meant as guides; the given unit tests are authoritative).

Example #1
User input is 'neo\n' ( \n means newline i.e. the enter key is pressed)

Which character's lines would you like? (NEO,MORPHEUS,ORACLE)
NEO's lines:
NEO:"There is no spoon.  Right."
NEO:"Hello?"
NEO:"Hello?"
NEO:"You're the Oracle?"
NEO:"Yeah."
NEO:"What vase?"
NEO:"Sorry."
NEO:"How did you know...?"
NEO:"Who?"
NEO:"I think so."
NEO:"I don't know."
NEO:"What's the good news?"
NEO:"Is that it, then?"
NEO:"You do?"
---

Example #2
User input is 'Oracle\n'

Which character's lines would you like? (NEO,MORPHEUS,ORACLE)
ORACLE's lines:
ORACLE:"I know.  You're Neo.  Be right"
ORACLE:"with you."
ORACLE:"Bingo.  I got to say I love seeing"
ORACLE:"you non-believers.  It's really a"
ORACLE:"relief.  All that pomp and"
ORACLE:"circumstances just plain tucker me"
ORACLE:"out.  Almost done.  Smell good,"
ORACLE:"don't they?"
ORACLE:"I'd ask you to sit down, but"
ORACLE:"you're not going to anyway.  And"
ORACLE:"don't worry about the vase."
ORACLE:"The vase."
ORACLE:"I said don't worry about it.  I'll"
ORACLE:"get one of my kids to fix it."
ORACLE:"What's really going to bake your"
ORACLE:"noodle later on is, would you"
ORACLE:"still have broken it if I hadn't"
ORACLE:"said anything."
ORACLE:"You're cuter than I thought.  I"
ORACLE:"see why she likes you."
ORACLE:"Not too bright, though."
ORACLE:"You know why Morpheus brought you"
ORACLE:"to see me?"
ORACLE:"So? What do you think?  You think"
ORACLE:"you're the one?"
ORACLE:"You know what that means?  It's"
ORACLE:"Latin.  Means, 'Know thyself.'"
ORACLE:"Well, let's have a look at you."
ORACLE:"Open your mouth.  Say, 'ahhh.'"
ORACLE:"Hmmm.  You sure got the gift, but"
ORACLE:"it's tricky.  I'd say the bad news"
ORACLE:"is, you're not the one.  Still got"
ORACLE:"a lot to learn.  Maybe next life."
ORACLE:"Same as the bad news, you're not"
ORACLE:"the one."
ORACLE:"No.  Here."
ORACLE:"You better take a cookie.  Got a"
ORACLE:"big day ahead of you."
ORACLE:"Make a believer out of you yet."
---


