Challenge7 Recursive Knight
============================

Due: Monday May 2, 2016 8pm. 
(This MP Graded out of 80 possible points - not 100)
	
	Please commit your java files back to subversion.
	Do not create additional java files / directories etc!
	Your submission is automatically compiled and graded.
	To earn points, Make sure there are NO Compile errors ANYWHERE in this project.
	(you'll notice that NamedRobot has a compile error)
	There should be no Red Marks on any class.
	Be sure to commit all classes back to subversion.
	Incorrect/Missing/Duplicate classes etc will impact your score.
	
	Points for this MP are based on passing the unit tests.
	Please make sure you implement recursive methods recursively! 

Objectives:
	Review ascii picture examples
	Creating recursive methods to perform useful work
	Shortest path on a 2D maze
	Selection sort of 3D coordinates
	Writing code to satisfy unit tests
	Have fun with the applets
	See the utility of unit testing small pieces of code
	Exploiting weaknesses in insecure systems

Picture examples:
The ascii picture examples are not graded - please review them to see
how they generate each picture.

The trick is to remember the activation diagram
 FOO(0,4) -> FOO (1,3) -> FOO(2,2) --> FOO(3,1) --> FOO(4,0)
                                                       Base Case!
                                                <-- (return)
                                                  
So the pictures tend to follow this structure:
What should be printed _before_ the recursive call ?
What should be printed when we hit the base case?
What should be printed _after_ the recursion call completes again?

 
There are several java classes in this MP that need to be completed:
	BinarySearch, GridCounting, RobotLink,
	InsecureCombinationLockBreaker (*),
	InsecurePasswordLockBreaker, 
	MolecularSort, MazeRunner, RecursiveKnight, 
	SelectionSort.
	You can test your implementation of each using the unit tests and also run the
	applets.
	
	You do not need to edit the unit tests or the applet classes.
	- However you are welcome to view their source code if you are interested to see
	how they work.

(*) Only for Honors students and the curious.

Each of the above problems include units tests and documentation in the
basic java files. There's also some notes below for the three large problems:
MolecularSort, MazeRunner and RecursiveKnight.

1) Molecular Sort
In this applet we want to display the atoms in the correct order as the molecule is rotated.
We will sort the atoms' coordinates by the Z values.
The 3D display code has already been written:
	Run the applet.
	Notice how it does not appear to rotate correctly because we always paint the atoms
	in the same order?
	
 For the Molecular Sort implement a recursive selection sort.
 Once the tests pass, run the applet again. You should recognize the molecule! 
Notes:
Selection sort is actually a terrible choice for performance - O(N^2) but it is easy to implement!
A much faster sort is quick sort which is O(NlogN) time on average.
 
2) Recursive Knight Puzzle.
The knight on a chess piece can move in an L shape (two squares + one square at 90 degrees)
i.e. if the knight is at the center of a chess board it can move to 8 new positions.
 
In this puzzle the player tries to visit as many squares as possible on the small board.
You cannot re-visit the same square again.

To provide some visual feedback to the player the game displays the minimum
number of moves required to move to each of the remaining squares from the current position.

It's your challenge to write the recursive method to implement this calculation.
The applet takes care of the GUI (Graphical User Interface) interaction.
Each time the knight is moved by the player, the explore method 
is called with an 2D integer array (all cells are initially zero).

Fill out the entries in the array with the minimum number of moves required.
A zero value is special - it means that the square was not visited by your recursive method.
Your recursive method is also given a 2D boolean array 'visited'. 
You do not change values in this array - instead it marks positions that cannot be used because
the player has already visited them.

3) And last but not least the MazeRunner
TO DO: Implement the MazeRunner class.
Notes on how to implement MazeRunner class are provided in the file.

You're stuck in a maze trying to outrun the two slower hunters.
If you get caught a new maze is generated.
Your runner will take the shortest path to the mouse coordinate,
if a path exists.
The hunters will take the shortest path to your player.
To make it more interesting, when each hunter determines its shortest path
to your square, the square of the _other_ hunter is marked as a wall (blocked).
This means they will tend to cut you off - the second hunter will move
towards your escape route! (see movePlayers() method in MazeApplet)

By the way, the MazeRunnerApplet uses a thread and an anonymous java class to move the runners. 
This is beyond CS125 material - but you may be curious to see how it works.

Notes:

If the MazeRunner runs too slowly on your machine, try reducing the grid size from 15 to 11.

For a slightly different game set MazeApplet.CHANGE_MAZE to a positive value, to make the maze slowly change as you play.
For example a value of 4 means that every 4 moves the maze structure will change.

There are limits to the shortest path algorithm as given: The number of paths checked increases exponentially
as the maze increases in size. More complicated algorithms exist to find the best path
("Dynamic Programming", "Branch and Bound") - but they're more complicated to implement.
For example: start from the target. Mark all of squares one distance away. Start from those squares,
find all of the squares a minimum two steps away, etc. Thus the solution spreads out through the maze
like a tidal wave. For each square remember the compass direction towards the best neighbor and the total length of path
to the target.

Recursion really comes into its own when you have more complex data structures (CS225).
But a 2D maze is simple concrete domain that demonstrates some of the power of recursion.
In this problem we have a simple domain - a 2D array of booleans and simple optimization (the length of the path)
Hopefully you can see that it would be easy to generalize this problem. For example, we could assign a weight to 
each point (representing the difficulty/speed) or change how different paths are scored -
 e.g. minimize the number of turns, instead of the path length.

Unit testing:
If your unit tests fail:
* Look at the unit test - what is it trying to test?
* Look at the unit test Failure trace (the exception stack).
Click on the line numbers to see exactly where it failed.

These are tricky problems for CS125 and I encourage you to get stuck early and use Piazza and friends.
Good luck!
We trust that you'll find these programs fun, challenging and informative.

Yes they are challenging - but so is everything that is worth doing
and they are the culmination of everything you've learned in CS125.

Bill and the CS125 team.

